doc: Add instructions to access cluster with IBM Cloud vpc-gen2. (#2530)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/ibm/create-cluster.md

ibmcloud ks cluster config --cluster $CLUSTER_NAME
```

From here on, please see [Install Kubeflow](/docs/ibm/deploy/install-kubeflow-on-iks).

## Create and setup a new cluster

> * Use `classic` provider if you want to try out Kubeflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use a `classic` provider if you want to try out Kubeflow.
```

> * Use `vpc-gen2` provider if you are familiar with Cloud networking and want to deploy Kubeflow on a secure environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use a `vpc-gen2` provider if you are familiar with IBM Cloud networking and want to deploy Kubeflow on a secure environment.
```

Author: "a" or "the" ? And this statement is intended to be general, adding IBM makes it specific.

For `vpc-gen2` provider follow instructions here: 

> [Create cluster on BM Cloud Kubernetes Service(IKS) with `vpc-gen2` provider](/docs/ibm/create-cluster-vpc).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Create cluster on IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service(IKS) with `vpc-gen2` provider](/docs/ibm/create-cluster-vpc).
```

> For `vpc-gen2` provider follow instructions here: 
> [Create cluster on BM Cloud Kubernetes Service(IKS) with `vpc-gen2` provider](/docs/ibm/create-cluster-vpc).

Reviewer: @Tomcli may I suggest the following refactoring:

```suggestion
To create a `vpc-gen2` provider, follow the
[Create a cluster on IKS with a `vpc-gen2` provider](/docs/ibm/create-cluster-vpc)
guide.
```

(shortened the title)

Reviewer 2: sure, that looks more concise to me.

> Follow these steps to create and setup a new IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service(IKS) cluster on `classic` provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This next section will explain how to create and set up a new IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service (IKS)
cluster on a `classic` provider.
```

Author: Probably you meant, This next section -> The next section.

ibmcloud ks cluster config --cluster $CLUSTER_NAME
```

> From here on, please see [Install Kubeflow](/docs/ibm/deploy/install-kubeflow-on-iks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From here on, go to [Install Kubeflow on IKS](/docs/ibm/deploy/install-kubeflow-on-iks) for more information.
```

(a11y)

ibmcloud ks cluster config --cluster $CLUSTER_NAME
```

From here on, please see [Install Kubeflow](/docs/ibm/deploy/install-kubeflow-on-iks).

## Create and setup a new cluster

Follow these steps to create and setup a new IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service(IKS) cluster:

### Choose between a `classic` or `vpc-gen2` provider.
A `vpc-gen2` cluster does not expose each node to the public internet directly and thus has more secure

> and more complex network setup. A `classic` provider, does expose each cluster node to the public internet, and thus has
> simpler networking setup - it might be a good option for trial run of Kubeflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and more complex network setup. A `classic` provider does expose each cluster node to the public internet and therefore has
a relatively simpler networking setup - it might be a good option for you for a trial Kubeflow run.
```

However, in the case of `classic` provider set-up is easier, the onus to secure each service that is exposed through

> Kubernetes (e.g. NodePort/Load Balancer) is on the user. To secure the cluster access, one can either configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes (e.g. NodePort/Load Balancer) is on the user. To secure the cluster access, you can either configure
```

(best to use "second person")

> authentication for each service exposed or setup firewall rules for each open port. Configuring firewalls for `classic`
> provider is covered in this doc
> [IBM Cloud doc link](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-firewall#firewall_outbound), configuring
> authentication is covered in the [install-Kubeflow](/docs/ibm/deploy/install-kubeflow-on-iks#multi-user-auth-enabled)
> section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authentication for each service exposed or setup firewall rules for each open port. Configuring firewalls for a `classic`
provider is covered in the
[Opening ports in gateway appliance firewalls](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-firewall#firewall_outbound) guide (under Classic: Opening required ports and IP addresses in your firewall), and configuring
authentication is covered in the [Install Kubeflow on IKS](/docs/ibm/deploy/install-kubeflow-on-iks#multi-user-auth-enabled)
section.
```

> Considering the risk associated with exposing computing resources on the public internet, it might be easier to setup
> `vpc-gen2` cluster than securing a `classic` provider cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Considering the potential risk associated with exposing computing resources on the public internet, you may find it easier to set up
a `vpc-gen2` cluster rather than securing a `classic` provider cluster.
```

- `KUBERNETES_VERSION` specifies the Kubernetes version for the cluster. Run `ibmcloud ks versions` to see the supported Kubernetes versions. If this environment variable is not set, the cluster will be created with the default version set by IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service. Refer to the [Minimum system requirements](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/started/k8s/overview/#minimum-system-requirements) and choose a Kubernetes version compatible with the Kubeflow release to be deployed.
- `CLUSTER_ZONE` identifies the regions or location where CLUSTER_NAME will be created. Run `ibmcloud ks locations` to list supported IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service locations. For example, choose `dal13` to create CLUSTER_NAME in the Dallas (US) data center.

> - `WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER` specifies the kind of IBM Cloud infrastructure on which the Kubernetes worker nodes will be created. The `classic` type supports worker nodes with GPUs. There are other worker nodes providers including `vpc-classic` and `vpc-gen2` where zone names and worker flavors will be different. Please use `ibmcloud ks zones --provider ${WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER}` to list zone names for all the providers and set the `CLUSTER_ZONE` w.r.t chosen provider.

Reviewer: Suggestion: spell out "w. r. t." for folks who aren't used to this (it's more accessible this way)

```suggestion
- `WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER` specifies the kind of IBM Cloud infrastructure on which the Kubernetes worker nodes will be created. The `classic` type supports worker nodes with GPUs. There are other worker nodes providers including `vpc-classic` and `vpc-gen2` where zone names and worker flavors will be different. Please use `ibmcloud ks zones --provider ${WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER}` to list zone names for all the providers and set the `CLUSTER_ZONE` with respect to your chosen provider.
```

- `CLUSTER_NAME` must be lowercase and unique among any other Kubernetes
  clusters in the specified `${CLUSTER_ZONE}`.

> **Notice**: Refer to the IBM Cloud official document [Creating clusters](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-clusters) for detailed steps across other providers and zones.

Reviewer: Suggestion: refactor

```suggestion
**Notice**: Refer to [Creating clusters](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-clusters) in the IBM Cloud documentation for additional information on how to set up other providers and zones in your cluster.
```

(or something along these lines)

> ### Choosing a worker node flavor for either a classic or vpc-gen2 provider.

Reviewer: Suggestion:

```suggestion
### Choosing a worker node flavor for a classic or vpc-gen2 provider.
```

(I think the meaning stays the same but the section title gets shorter)

> The worker nodes flavor name varies from zones and providers. Run `ibmcloud ks flavors --zone ${CLUSTER_ZONE} --provider ${WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER}` to list available flavors.

Reviewer 2: @scrapcodes Thanks for the explanation. I would say classic provides a similar experience as open-source Kubernetes and minikube which most of our users are familiar with. Maybe one improvement we could make is to have a IBM devOps toolchain for vpc-gen2 because not everyone is a devOps expert that knows how networking works on the Cloud. 

Maybe for your first paragraph, you can have two bullet points saying that
- Use `classic` provider if you want to try out Kubeflow
- Use `vpc-gen2` provider if you are familiar with Cloud networking and want to deploy Kubeflow on a secure environment.

  list supported IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service locations. For example, choose `dal13` to create your cluster in the
  Dallas (US) data center.
- `WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER` specifies the kind of IBM Cloud infrastructure on which the Kubernetes worker nodes will be
  created. The `classic` type supports worker nodes with GPUs. There are other worker nodes providers including
  `vpc-classic` and `vpc-gen2` where zone names and worker flavors will be different. Please use
  `ibmcloud ks zones --provider classic` to list zone names for `classic` provider and set the `CLUSTER_ZONE`
  accordingly.
- `CLUSTER_NAME` must be lowercase and unique among any other Kubernetes
  clusters in the specified `${CLUSTER_ZONE}`.

**Notice**: Refer to [Creating clusters](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-clusters) in the IBM
Cloud documentation for additional information on how to set up other providers and zones in your cluster.

### Choosing a worker node flavor

The worker nodes flavor name varies from zones and providers. Run 
`ibmcloud ks flavors --zone ${CLUSTER_ZONE} --provider ${WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER}` to list available flavors.

> For example, following are some flavors supported in the `dal13` zone with `classic` node provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following are some flavors supported in the `dal13` zone with `classic` node provider.
```

```shell
ibmcloud ks flavors --zone dal13 --provider classic

> OK

Reviewer: [three back ticks to close the `ibmcloud ks....` code block]

Example output:

[three back ticks]
OK
...
...
[three back ticks to close the text block]

export CLUSTER_NAME=kubeflow
```

where:

- `KUBERNETES_VERSION` specifies the Kubernetes version for the cluster. Run `ibmcloud ks versions` to see the supported
  Kubernetes versions. If this environment variable is not set, the cluster will be created with the default version set
  by IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service. Refer to
  [Minimum system requirements](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/started/k8s/overview/#minimum-system-requirements)
  and choose a Kubernetes version compatible with the Kubeflow release to be deployed.
- `CLUSTER_ZONE` identifies the regions or location where cluster will be created. Run `ibmcloud ks locations` to
  list supported IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service locations. For example, choose `dal13` to create your cluster in the
  Dallas (US) data center.
- `WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER` specifies the kind of IBM Cloud infrastructure on which the Kubernetes worker nodes will be
  created. The `classic` type supports worker nodes with GPUs. There are other worker nodes providers including

>   `vpc-classic` and `vpc-gen2` where zone names and worker flavors will be different. Please use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `vpc-classic` and `vpc-gen2` where zone names and worker flavors will be different. Run
```

  `ibmcloud ks zones --provider classic` to list zone names for `classic` provider and set the `CLUSTER_ZONE`
  accordingly.
- `CLUSTER_NAME` must be lowercase and unique among any other Kubernetes
  clusters in the specified `${CLUSTER_ZONE}`.

**Notice**: Refer to [Creating clusters](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-clusters) in the IBM
Cloud documentation for additional information on how to set up other providers and zones in your cluster.

### Choosing a worker node flavor

> The worker nodes flavor name varies from zones and providers. Run 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The worker node flavor name varies from zones and providers. Run 
```

`ibmcloud ks flavors --zone ${CLUSTER_ZONE} --provider ${WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER}` to list available flavors.

> For example, the following are some flavors supported in the `dal13` zone with `classic` node provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following are some worker node flavors supported in the `dal13` zone with a `classic` node provider.
```

export CLUSTER_NAME=kubeflow
```

> - `KUBERNETES_VERSION` specifies the Kubernetes version for the cluster. Run `ibmcloud ks versions` to see the supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where:

- `KUBERNETES_VERSION` specifies the Kubernetes version for the cluster. Run `ibmcloud ks versions` to see the supported
```

  Kubernetes versions. If this environment variable is not set, the cluster will be created with the default version set

>   by IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service. Refer to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  by IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service. Refer to
```

  [Minimum system requirements](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/started/k8s/overview/#minimum-system-requirements)
  and choose a Kubernetes version compatible with the Kubeflow release to be deployed.

> - `CLUSTER_ZONE` identifies the regions or location where CLUSTER_NAME will be created. Run `ibmcloud ks locations` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CLUSTER_ZONE` identifies the regions or location where `CLUSTER_NAME` will be created. Run `ibmcloud ks locations` to
```

>   list supported IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service locations. For example, choose `dal13` to create CLUSTER_NAME in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  list supported IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service locations. For example, choose `dal13` to create your `CLUSTER_NAME` in the
```

  Dallas (US) data center.
- `WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER` specifies the kind of IBM Cloud infrastructure on which the Kubernetes worker nodes will be
  created. The `classic` type supports worker nodes with GPUs. There are other worker nodes providers including
  `vpc-classic` and `vpc-gen2` where zone names and worker flavors will be different. Please use
  `ibmcloud ks zones --provider ${WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER}` to list zone names for all the providers and set the
  `CLUSTER_ZONE` with respect to your chosen provider.
- `CLUSTER_NAME` must be lowercase and unique among any other Kubernetes
  clusters in the specified `${CLUSTER_ZONE}`.

**Notice**: Refer to [Creating clusters](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-clusters) in the IBM
Cloud documentation for additional information on how to set up other providers and zones in your cluster.

> ### Choosing a worker node flavor for a `classic` or `vpc-gen2` provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Choosing a worker node flavor for a `classic` or `vpc-gen2` provider
```

The worker nodes flavor name varies from zones and providers. Run 
`ibmcloud ks flavors --zone ${CLUSTER_ZONE} --provider ${WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER}` to list available flavors.

For example, following are some flavors supported in the `dal13` zone with `classic` node provider.

> ```text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

> $ ibmcloud ks flavors --zone dal13 --provider classic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ibmcloud ks flavors --zone dal13 --provider classic
```
```

...
```

> Following are some flavors supported in the `us-south-3` zone with `vpc-gen2` worker node provider.

Reviewer: Suggestion:

```suggestion
Below are some examples of flavors supported in the `us-south-3` zone with `vpc-gen2` worker node provider:
```

```text
$ ibmcloud ks flavors --zone us-south-3 --provider vpc-gen2
OK
For more information about these flavors, see 'https://ibm.biz/flavors'
Name         Cores   Memory   Network Speed   OS             Server Type   Storage   Secondary Storage   Provider   
bx2.16x64    16      64GB     16Gbps          UBUNTU_18_64   virtual       100GB     0B                  vpc-gen2   
bx2.2x8†     2       8GB      4Gbps           UBUNTU_18_64   virtual       100GB     0B                  vpc-gen2   
bx2.32x128   32      128GB    16Gbps          UBUNTU_18_64   virtual       100GB     0B                  vpc-gen2   
bx2.48x192   48      192GB    16Gbps          UBUNTU_18_64   virtual       100GB     0B                  vpc-gen2   
bx2.4x16     4       16GB     8Gbps           UBUNTU_18_64   virtual       100GB     0B                  vpc-gen2   
...
```

> Choose a flavor that will work for your applications. For the purpose of the Kubeflow deployment, the recommended configuration for a cluster is at least 8 vCPU cores with 16GB memory. Hence you can either choose the `b3c.8x32` flavor to create a one-worker-node cluster or choose the `b3c.4x16` flavor to create a two-worker-node cluster. Keep in mind that you can always scale the cluster by adding more worker nodes should your application scales up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Choose a flavor that will work for your applications. For the purpose of the Kubeflow deployment, the recommended configuration for a cluster is at least 8 vCPU cores with 16GB memory. Hence you can either choose the `b3c.8x32` flavor to create a one-worker-node cluster or choose the `b3c.4x16` flavor to create a two-worker-node cluster. Keep in mind that you can always scale the cluster by adding more worker nodes should your application scales up.
```

export WORKER_NODE_FLAVOR=b3c.4x16
```

> If the chosen cluster is in vpc-gen2, then selected environment variables will look like:

Reviewer: Suggestion:

```suggestion
If the chosen cluster is in vpc-gen2, then the selected environment variables will look as follows:
```

```shell
export KUBERNERTES_VERSION=1.18
export CLUSTER_ZONE=us-south-3
export WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER=vpc-gen2
export CLUSTER_NAME=kubeflow-test-vpc-gen2
export WORKER_NODE_FLAVOR=bx2.4x16
```

> ### Creating a IBM Cloud Kubernetes cluster for classic provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating an IBM Cloud Kubernetes cluster for a classic provider
```

...
```

Below are some examples of flavors supported in the `us-south-3` zone with `vpc-gen2` node provider:

> ```text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

> $ ibmcloud ks flavors --zone us-south-3 --provider vpc-gen2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ibmcloud ks flavors --zone us-south-3 --provider vpc-gen2
```
```

close the code block with ```

Open a new one for the example output

> OK

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Example output:
```
OK
```

...
```

Choose a flavor that will work for your applications. For the purpose of the Kubeflow deployment, the recommended
configuration for a cluster is at least 8 vCPU cores with 16GB memory. Hence you can either choose the `b3c.8x32` flavor
to create a one-worker-node cluster or choose the `b3c.4x16` flavor to create a two-worker-node cluster. Keep in mind
that you can always scale the cluster by adding more worker nodes should your application scales up.

> Now set the environment variable with the flavor you choose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, set the environment variable with the worker node flavor of your choice:
```

Replace the `workers` parameter above with the desired number of worker nodes.

> Note: If you're starting in a fresh account with no public and private VLANs, they are created automatically for you

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Note**: If you're starting in a fresh account with no public and private VLANs, they are created automatically for you
```

```shell
ibmcloud ks clusters --provider ${WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER} |grep ${CLUSTER_NAME}|awk '{print "Name:"$1"\tState:"$3}'
```

> ## For VPC infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## For VPC infrastructure
```

> Here we are assuming, that a user starts from scratch and creates a new vpc instance,
> but realistically a user may have an existing VPC with a public gateway already attached and also a subnet to create a cluster.
> Please feel free to directly proceed to `Step 5` and substitute appropriate values. 

Reviewer: Suggestion: refactor

```suggestion
In this section the assumption is that that a user starts cluster configuration from scratch and creates a new VPC instance. However, a user may already have an existing VPC with a public gateway attached, as well as a subnet to create a cluster—in this case feel free to proceed to step 5 and substitute appropriate values.
```

> * Step 1. Install a vpc-infrastructure plugin.

Reviewer: Suggestion:

```suggestion
1. Begin with installing a vpc-infrastructure plugin:
```

> `$ ibmcloud plugin install vpc-infrastructure`

Reviewer: Please use the following format (without indentation):

```
      ```shell
      ibmcloud etc etc
      ```

Reviewer: Please don't use `$` in the beginning of each command line (like in the previous version of this guide)

Author: Ok, but then in what other ways we distinguish command from it's output. Do you have a reason to drop the `$`?

> * Step 2. Target the gen 2 to access gen 2 resources.

Reviewer: Suggestion:

```suggestion
2. Target the gen 2 to access gen 2 resources:
```

> `$ ibmcloud is target --gen 2`

Reviewer: Please use the following format (without indentation):

```
      ```shell
      ibmcloud etc etc
      ```

Reviewer: Please don't use `$` in the beginning of each command line (like in the previous version of this guide)

> ```$ ibmcloud is target

Reviewer: Please use the following format (without indentation):

```
      ```shell
      ibmcloud etc etc
      ```

Target Generation: 2
```

> * Step 3. Create or use an existing VPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

3. Create or use an existing VPC.
```

(note the blank line)

List the available VPCs
```shell
 ibmcloud is vpcs
Listing vpcs for generation 2 compute in all resource groups and region ...
ID                                          Name                Status      Classic access   Default network ACL                                    Default security group                                 Resource group   

> r006-hidden-68cc-4d40-xxxx-4319fa3gxxxx   my-vpc1              available   false            husker-sloping-bee-resize                              blimp-hasty-unaware-overflow                           kubeflow   

Reviewer: You have a formatting issue here with Markdown not registering the end of the code block, which affects a bunch of lines. I suggest the following which may fix this (without indentation):

```
    List the available VPCs:

    ```shell
    ibmcloud is vpcs
    ``` 

    The output should look similar to this:

    ``` 
    Listing vpcs for generation 2 compute in all resource groups and region ...
    ID                                          Name                Status      Classic access   Default network ACL                                    Default security group                                 Resource group   
    r006-hidden-68cc-4d40-xxxx-4319fa3gxxxx   my-vpc1              available   false            husker-sloping-bee-resize                              blimp-hasty-unaware-overflow                           kubeflow   
    ```
```

```

> So, if the above list contains the VPC that can be used to deploy your cluster note it's ID. Otherwise, proceed with creating a new VPC as follows.

Reviewer: Suggestion:

```suggestion

If the output above contains the VPC that can be used to deploy your cluster, note its ID. Otherwise, proceed with creating a new VPC as follows:
```

```shell
$ ibmcloud is vpc-create my-vpc

> Creating vpc my-vpc in resource group kubeflow under account IBM as user prashsh1@in.ibm.com...

Reviewer: For the output, use separate backticks/code block formatting to split the command line from the output to avoid confusing the inexperienced user:

Please use the following format (without indentation):

```
      ```
      Creating vpc my-vpc in resource group kubeflow under account IBM as user prashsh1@in.ibm.com...
      ```

                                                  
ID                                             r006-hidden-68cc-4d40-xxxx-4319fa3fxxxx   
Name                                           my-vpc   
...  

> ```

Reviewer: You have a formatting issue here with Markdown not registering the end of the code block, which affects a bunch of lines. I suggest the following which may fix this (without indentation):

    
```
    ```shell
    ibmcloud is vpc-create my-vpc
    ```    

    Example output:

    ```
    Creating vpc my-vpc in resource group kubeflow under account IBM as user prashsh1@in.ibm.com...
                                                  
    ID                                             r006-hidden-68cc-4d40-xxxx-4319fa3fxxxx   
Name                                           my-vpc   
    ...  
    ```
```

From the above output save the ID in a variable `VPC_ID` as follows, so that we can use it later.

> `$ export VPC_ID=r006-hidden-68cc-4d40-xxxx-4319fa3fxxxx`

Reviewer: Wrap the command as a block block using three backticks on each side

```

     ```shell
     export VPC_ID=<YOUR_VPC_ID>
     ```
```

> * Step 4. Create a subnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create a subnet.
```

  (Note: If you want to use existing subnet, proceed to `List all the existing subnets:` )

> List address prefixes and note the CIDR block corresponding to a Zone, e.g. in below example, for Zone: us-south-3 CIDR block is :
> 
> "10.240.128.0/18"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List the address prefixes and note the CIDR block corresponding to your zone. For example, in the below example the CIDR block `us-south-3` is: `10.240.128.0/18`.

```

> `$ ibmcloud is vpc-address-prefixes $VPC_ID`

Reviewer: Please use the following format (without indentation):

```
      ```shell
      ibmcloud etc etc
      ```

```shell
Listing address prefixes of vpc r006-hidden-68cc-4d40-xxxx-4319fa3fxxxx under account IBM as user new@user-email.com...
ID                                          Name                                CIDR block        Zone         Has subnets   Is default   Created   
r006-xxxxxxxx-4002-46d2-8a4f-f69e7ba3xxxx   rising-rectified-much-brew          10.240.0.0/18     us-south-1   false         true         2021-03-05T14:58:39+05:30   
r006-xxxxxxxx-dca9-4321-bb6c-960c4424xxxx   retrial-reversal-pelican-cavalier   10.240.64.0/18    us-south-2   false         true         2021-03-05T14:58:39+05:30   
r006-xxxxxxxx-7352-4a46-bfb1-fcbac6cbxxxx   subfloor-certainly-herbal-ajar      10.240.128.0/18   us-south-3   false         true         2021-03-05T14:58:39+05:30  
```

Now create a subnet as follows.

> `$ ibmcloud is subnet-create my-subnet $VPC_ID us-south-3 --ipv4-cidr-block "10.240.128.0/18"`

Reviewer: Please use the following format (without indentation):

```
      ```shell
      ibmcloud etc etc
      ```

```shell
Creating subnet my-subnet in resource group kubeflow under account IBM as user new@user-email.com...
                       
ID                  0737-27299d09-1d95-4a9d-a491-a6949axxxxxx   
Name                my-subnet
```

List all the existing subnets:

> ```$ ibmcloud is subnets

Reviewer: Please use the following format (without indentation. no `$`):

```
      ```shell
      ibmcloud etc etc
      ```

Listing subnets for generation 2 compute in all resource groups and region us-south under account IBM as user prashsh1@in.ibm.com...
ID                                          Name                      Status      Subnet CIDR       Addresses     ACL                                                    Public Gateway                             VPC                 Zone         Resource group   
0737-27299d09-1d95-4a9d-a491-a6949axxxxxx   my-subnet                 available   10.240.128.0/18   16373/16384   husker-sloping-bee-resize                              my-gateway                                 my-vpc              us-south-3   kubeflow   

> ```

Reviewer: Please don't use `$` in the beginning of each command line (like in the previous version of this guide)

> Record the subnet id as,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Record the subnet ID as:

```

> `$ export SUBNET_ID=0737-27299d09-1d95-4a9d-a491-a6949axxxxxx`

Reviewer: Please don't use `$` in the beginning of each command line (like in the previous version of this guide)

> `$ export SUBNET_ID=0737-27299d09-1d95-4a9d-a491-a6949axxxxxx`

Reviewer: Please use the following format (without indentation. no `$`):

```
      ```shell
      ibmcloud etc etc
      ```

> * Step 5. Create a VPC-gen2 based kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Create a VPC-gen2 based Kubernetes cluster:

```

```shell
$ ibmcloud ks cluster create ${WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER}   --name ${CLUSTER_NAME}   --zone=${CLUSTER_ZONE}   --version=${KUBERNETES_VERSION}   --flavor ${WORKER_NODE_FLAVOR} --vpc-id $VPC_ID --subnet-id $SUBNET_ID --workers=2
Creating cluster...
OK
Cluster created with ID cxxxxxxd00kq9mnxxxxx
```

> * Step 6. Attach a public gateway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Attach a public gateway.
```

> This step is mandatory for kubeflow deployment to succeed, because it needs public internet access to download images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step is mandatory for Kubeflow deployment to succeed, because it needs public internet access to download images.
```

First check, if your cluster is already assigned a public gateway:

```shell
ibmcloud is pubgws
Listing public gateways for generation 2 compute in all resource groups and region ...
ID                                          Name                                       Status      Floating IP      VPC                 Zone         Resource group   
r006-xxxxxxxx-5731-4ffe-bc51-1d9e5fxxxxxx   my-gateway                                 available   xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx       my-vpc              us-south-3   default   

> ```

Reviewer: Same as before re: separate code blocks with backticks for the command line + the output.

> In the above run, gateway is already attached for the vpc: `my-vpc`. Incase it does not exist, proceed with rest of the setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In the above run, the gateway is already attached for the VPC: `my-vpc`. In case it does not exist, proceed with rest of the setup.
```

  --public-vlan ${PUBLIC_VLAN_ID} 
```

Wait until the cluster is deployed and configured. It can take a while for the cluster to be ready. Run with following
command to periodically check the state of your cluster. Your cluster is ready when the state is `normal`.

```shell
ibmcloud ks clusters --provider ${WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER} |grep ${CLUSTER_NAME}|awk '{print "Name:"$1"\tState:"$3}'
```

## Create an IBM Cloud Kubernetes cluster for `vpc-gen2` infrastructure

Creating a `vpc-gen2` based cluster needs a VPC, a subnet and a public gateway attached to it. Fortunately, this is a one
time setup. Future `vpc-gen2` clusters can reuse the same VPC/subnet(with attached public-gateway). 

1. Begin with installing a vpc-infrastructure plugin:

>    `$ ibmcloud plugin install vpc-infrastructure`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```shell
   ibmcloud plugin install vpc-infrastructure
   ```
```

and close the code block with ```

   
   Refer to this [link](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-vpc_ks_tutorial), for more information.

2. Target the gen 2 to access gen 2 resources:

>    `$ ibmcloud is target --gen 2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```
   ibmcloud is target --gen 2
```

and close the code block with ```

   
   Verify, the target is correctly setup

   ```shell

>    $ ibmcloud is target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ibmcloud is target
```

Reviewer: and close the code block with ```

>    Target Generation: 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    Example output
    
    ```
    Target Generation: 2
    ```
```

   ```

3. Create or use an existing VPC:
   
   a) Use an existing VPC: 
   

>     ```shell
>     
>     $ ibmcloud is vpcs
>     Listing vpcs for generation 2 compute in all resource groups and region ...
>     ID                                          Name                Status      Classic access   Default network ACL                                    Default security group                                 Resource group   
>     r006-hidden-68cc-4d40-xxxx-4319fa3gxxxx   my-vpc1              available   false            husker-sloping-bee-resize                              blimp-hasty-unaware-overflow                           kubeflow   
>     
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```shell
    ibmcloud is vpcs
    ```

    Example output:
    ```
    Listing vpcs for generation 2 compute in all resource groups and region ...
    ID                                          Name                Status      Classic access   Default network ACL                                    Default security group                                 Resource group   
    r006-hidden-68cc-4d40-xxxx-4319fa3gxxxx   my-vpc1              available   false            husker-sloping-bee-resize                              blimp-hasty-unaware-overflow                           kubeflow   
    ```
```

Careful with the placement of ```, since it may affect the rendering in the entire Markdown file

    If the above list contains the VPC that can be used to deploy your cluster - note it's ID.
   
   b) To create a new VPC, proceed as follows:

>     ```shell
>     $ ibmcloud is vpc-create my-vpc
>     Creating vpc my-vpc in resource group kubeflow under account IBM as ...
>                                                       
>     ID                                             r006-hidden-68cc-4d40-xxxx-4319fa3fxxxx   
>     Name                                           my-vpc   
>     ...  
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```shell
    ibmcloud is vpc-create my-vpc
    ```

    Example output:

    ```
    Creating vpc my-vpc in resource group kubeflow under account IBM as ...
                                                      
    ID                                             r006-hidden-68cc-4d40-xxxx-4319fa3fxxxx   
    Name                                           my-vpc   
    ...  
    ```
```

Careful with the placement of ```, since it may affect the rendering in the entire Markdown file

   **Save the ID in a variable `VPC_ID` as follows, so that we can use it later.**
   

>    `export VPC_ID=r006-hidden-68cc-4d40-xxxx-4319fa3fxxxx`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```shell
    export VPC_ID=r006-hidden-68cc-4d40-xxxx-4319fa3fxxxx
    ```
```

4. Create or use an existing subnet:

    a) To use an existing subnet:
    

>     ```shell
>     $ ibmcloud is subnets
>     Listing subnets for generation 2 compute in all resource groups and region ...
>     ID                                          Name                      Status      Subnet CIDR       Addresses     ACL                                                    Public Gateway                             VPC                 Zone         Resource group   
>     0737-27299d09-1d95-4a9d-a491-a6949axxxxxx   my-subnet                 available   10.240.128.0/18   16373/16384   husker-sloping-bee-resize                              my-gateway                                 my-vpc              us-south-3   kubeflow   
>     ```
>    If the above list contains the subnet corresponding to your VPC, that can be used to deploy your cluster - note it's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```shell
    ibmcloud is subnets
    ```

    Example output:
    
    ```
    Listing subnets for generation 2 compute in all resource groups and region ...
    ID                                          Name                      Status      Subnet CIDR       Addresses     ACL                                                    Public Gateway                             VPC                 Zone         Resource group   
    0737-27299d09-1d95-4a9d-a491-a6949axxxxxx   my-subnet                 available   10.240.128.0/18   16373/16384   husker-sloping-bee-resize                              my-gateway                                 my-vpc              us-south-3   kubeflow   
    ```

    If the above list contains the subnet corresponding to your VPC, that can be used to deploy your cluster - make sure you note it's
```

   ID.
   

>     b) To create a new subnet
>       * List address prefixes and note the CIDR block corresponding to a Zone,
>    in below example, for Zone: `us-south-3` CIDR block is : `10.240.128.0/18`
>          ```shell
>           $ ibmcloud is vpc-address-prefixes $VPC_ID
>           
>           Listing address prefixes of vpc r006-hidden-68cc-4d40-xxxx-4319fa3fxxxx under account IBM as user new@user-email.com...
>           ID                                          Name                                CIDR block        Zone         Has subnets   Is default   Created   
>           r006-xxxxxxxx-4002-46d2-8a4f-f69e7ba3xxxx   rising-rectified-much-brew          10.240.0.0/18     us-south-1   false         true         2021-03-05T14:58:39+05:30   
>           r006-xxxxxxxx-dca9-4321-bb6c-960c4424xxxx   retrial-reversal-pelican-cavalier   10.240.64.0/18    us-south-2   false         true         2021-03-05T14:58:39+05:30   
>           r006-xxxxxxxx-7352-4a46-bfb1-fcbac6cbxxxx   subfloor-certainly-herbal-ajar      10.240.128.0/18   us-south-3   false         true         2021-03-05T14:58:39+05:30  
>          ```
>    * Now create a subnet as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    b) To create a new subnet:
        - List address prefixes and note the CIDR block corresponding to a Zone;
   in the below example, for Zone: `us-south-3` the CIDR block is : `10.240.128.0/18`.
   
        ```shell
        ibmcloud is vpc-address-prefixes $VPC_ID
        ```
        
        Example output:
        
        ```
        Listing address prefixes of vpc r006-hidden-68cc-4d40-xxxx-4319fa3fxxxx under account IBM as user new@user-email.com...
        ID                                          Name                                CIDR block        Zone         Has subnets   Is default   Created   
        r006-xxxxxxxx-4002-46d2-8a4f-f69e7ba3xxxx   rising-rectified-much-brew          10.240.0.0/18     us-south-1   false         true         2021-03-05T14:58:39+05:30   
        r006-xxxxxxxx-dca9-4321-bb6c-960c4424xxxx   retrial-reversal-pelican-cavalier   10.240.64.0/18    us-south-2   false         true         2021-03-05T14:58:39+05:30   
        r006-xxxxxxxx-7352-4a46-bfb1-fcbac6cbxxxx   subfloor-certainly-herbal-ajar      10.240.128.0/18   us-south-3   false         true         2021-03-05T14:58:39+05:30  
        ```

        Now create a subnet as follows.
```

(be mindful of blank lines 😄 separating sections)

Reviewer: (note the number of tabs/spaces too, I hope my solution works and the Markdown stuff renders well on the site. You can test it on Netlify after you submit the commits)

>        ```shell
>        $ ibmcloud is subnet-create my-subnet $VPC_ID us-south-3 --ipv4-cidr-block "10.240.128.0/18"
>        Creating subnet my-subnet in resource group kubeflow under account IBM as user new@user-email.com...
>                               
>        ID                  0737-27299d09-1d95-4a9d-a491-a6949axxxxxx   
>        Name                my-subnet
>        ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ```shell
        ibmcloud is subnet-create my-subnet $VPC_ID us-south-3 --ipv4-cidr-block "10.240.128.0/18"
        ```

        Example output:
        
        ```
        Creating subnet my-subnet in resource group kubeflow under account IBM as user new@user-email.com...
                              
        ID                  0737-27299d09-1d95-4a9d-a491-a6949axxxxxx   
        Name                my-subnet
        ```
```

>    **Export the subnet id as,**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Make sure you export the subnet IDs follows:**
```

>    `export SUBNET_ID=0737-27299d09-1d95-4a9d-a491-a6949axxxxxx`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        
        ```shell
        export SUBNET_ID=0737-27299d09-1d95-4a9d-a491-a6949axxxxxx
        ```
```

> 5. Create a `vpc-gen2` based Kubernetes cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Create a `vpc-gen2` based Kubernetes cluster:
```

    
    ```shell

>     $ ibmcloud ks cluster create ${WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER} \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ibmcloud ks cluster create ${WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER} \
```

>     ```shell
>     $ ibmcloud ks cluster create ${WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER} \
>     --name=$CLUSTER_NAME \
>     --zone=$CLUSTER_ZONE \
>     --version=${KUBERNETES_VERSION} \
>     --flavor ${WORKER_NODE_FLAVOR} \
>     --vpc-id ${VPC_ID} \
>     --subnet-id ${SUBNET_ID} \
>     --workers=2
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```shell
    ibmcloud ks cluster create ${WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER} \
    --name=$CLUSTER_NAME \
    --zone=$CLUSTER_ZONE \
    --version=${KUBERNETES_VERSION} \
    --flavor ${WORKER_NODE_FLAVOR} \
    --vpc-id ${VPC_ID} \
    --subnet-id ${SUBNET_ID} \
    --workers=2
    ```
```

6. Attach a public gateway

   This step is mandatory for Kubeflow deployment to succeed, because pods need public internet access to download images.
   
   First check, if your cluster is already assigned a public gateway:
   

>    ```shell
>    $ ibmcloud is pubgws
>    Listing public gateways for generation 2 compute in all resource groups and region ...
>    ID                                          Name                                       Status      Floating IP      VPC                 Zone         Resource group   
>    r006-xxxxxxxx-5731-4ffe-bc51-1d9e5fxxxxxx   my-gateway                                 available   xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx       my-vpc              us-south-3   default   
>    
>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```shell
    ibmcloud is pubgws
    ```

    Example output:

    ```
    Listing public gateways for generation 2 compute in all resource groups and region ...
    ID                                          Name                                       Status      Floating IP      VPC                 Zone         Resource group   
    r006-xxxxxxxx-5731-4ffe-bc51-1d9e5fxxxxxx   my-gateway                                 available   xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx       my-vpc              us-south-3   default   
   
    ```
```
